♪Crinkling your eyes, you smile sweetly.♪
♪The way you run to me is lovely.♪
♪Your mouth corners are upturned.
Your smile is remarkable.♪
♪How come you happen to see me embarrassed?♪
♪Summer isn't more romantic
than the moment I met you.♪
♪Have I shown you romance or warmth?♪
♪My love for you stands the test of time.♪
♪I believe in eternity because of you.♪
♪I would risk my life to protect you,
my source of courage.♪
♪You give me a sense of security
by being at my side.♪
♪I love everything you have given me.♪
♪Together, we make a sweet love story.♪
=The Love Equations=
(Previously on Episode 22)
I just put a spell on you.
To stop you getting mad at me.
A fairy spreading is flowers!
I think we need to break up.
(Episode 23: The right to be jealous)
Zhao Fanzhou,
what would your last words be
if you were about to die?
Zhao Fanzhou.
We need to
break up.
What did you say?
We need to break up.
Zhao Fanzhou,
I don't like you making this kind of joke.
I wasn't joking.
Can you tell me why?.
Sorry.
I don't want your apology.
I want the reasons.
I'm not fit for a relationship now.
Are you out of your mind?
What's not being fit for a relationship?
Is it because of your mom?
I've told you. I don't mind it at all.
Sorry.
Pick it up.
It may be Mrs. Zhao.
Zhou Xiao,
let's break up.
What on earth is the matter?
Can't you just say it and let me help you?
You...
you're still using our phone case.
No.
I don't want it.
Stop crying.
What if I say I'm not breaking up with you?
Zhou Xiao.
Calm down.
I was joking with you.
Why would I disgrace myself so much?
I'm not that kind of person.
I won't cry.
But now that you've said sorry,
it's okay for me to do this, isn't it?
Zhao Fanzhou,
if you change your mind now,
I'll consider everything as a joke.
Cai Yasi, how come I've never seen
the algorithm you wrote just now?
I came up with it myself.
You came up with it yourself?
Don't keep it from us.
Write it out later.
Right.
Hey.
Where's he going?
Leave him.
Let's go.
Thanks.
Zhou Xiao.
Hey, it's you.
Are you okay?
Yes.
You don't seem to be okay at all.
So
can I cry now?
But it's shameful to cry out here.
Come on.
So Zhao Fanzhou really broke up with you?
Why?
You've asked me a hundred times.
I said I didn't know.
So
did you agree?
Are you stupid?
What could I do if I didn't agree?
Kneel down and beg him?
I'll break your legs if you dare to do that.
No, I'll break his legs.
Sit down. Sit down.
Won't this crying make you feel tired?
Can you shut up?
You shouldn't have dated someone
right after you went to college.
Isn't studying hard better?
You shouldn't have dated him.
Don't do that.
I'm afraid I'll lose control of myself.
Why did he break up with me?
I don't want it.
♪I would never hurt you,♪
We live in a modern society.
There is no rule that says blue is for boys
and pink is for girls.
You have to break the gender barriers.
♪I want to show you the moon,♪
Thank you for sharing
your secret base with me.
Don't come here and do homework alone.
You have got me now.
I'll do homework with you.
Look.
Bubble fireworks.
Are you touched?
Yeah.
Look at the glorious fireworks
I set off for you.
♪but there is only sorrow in my world.♪
♪I don't want to live in sorrow...♪
You didn't tell me
because you didn't want me to be scared?
Hmm.
How about you?
Are you scared?
Hmm.
Don't be afraid. I'm with you.
Don't look down upon me.
When I was a kid,
I dared to stir up a hornets' nest.
But Zhou Xiao,
this matter is more serious than that.
How can I be so selfish?
♪... devouring all the light I once saw.♪
In addition,
I want to give you an assignment.
Read any one
of the western classics.
Write a summary of it and your thoughts.
It should have around 1500 words.
Send it to my email before next lesson.
By the way,
reading is very
important to this class
and it's even more important than my lessons.
So for this semester,
I listed works
of western literature that you must read.
Write them down.
I hope
at the end of this semester,
every one of you will have
read at least half of them.
That's all for today's class.
See you.
It can't be him.
He won't ask for forgiveness by sending
a message if he regrets something.
Still, you can have a look at it.
(Notice: Dear president, the election of
the new school year is about to begin,
please come to the Student Union
and get an election form.)
I said it wasn't him.
The Student Union informed clubs
of an election of the new school year
and asked the presidents
to go and get a form.
Are you going there?
No.
I
downloaded an electronic one.
I'll just print it.
I think you should go.
Perhaps you'll see Zhao Fanzhou
and then you can talk with him.
Nothing needs to be talked about.
We just broke up.
I don't have anything to ask him.
Xiao,
you've been too calm
after this break-up.
Perhaps it's because I have
had a dry run before.
I'm cool with it this time.
Let's go.
Come in.
Hello, what can I do for you?
Hello, I'm from the Detective Club.
I came for an election form.
Wait a moment.
Okay.
Do you know Zhao Fanzhou
applied for withdrawal
from the Student Union?
Yes.
He's really a strange man.
There's going to be an election already
and he wants to withdraw now.
Chen Yu has gone back to his own school.
Now I have to do
all of the work.
It's wearing me out.
Hey.
Thanks.
Ms. Huang.
Zhou Xiao.
You came at a good moment.
Help me post a want ad of the library
on the campus forum.
I tried to release it
but it kept saying that I failed.
A want ad?
Are we short-handed at the moment?
Yes. The juniors need to do internships
instead of part-time jobs.
Hasn't your Zhao Fanzhou quit his, too?
Yes, he has.
I'll send it to your email.
Help me upload it.
Okay.
Zhou Xiao, I've sent it to your email.
Have a look at it.
Okay.
(Zhao Fanzhou: Withdrawal Application)
Dear president,
I'm Zhao Fanzhou from the Department
of Forensic Medicine.
It was a great honor
to join the Detective Club.
For some personal reasons,
I can't take part in activities
of the club anymore.
Now I'm applying for withdrawal from it.
I hope the Detective Club
will be better and better.
Please approve of my application.
Applicant: Zhao Fanzhou.
Zhou Xiao, did you receive the email?
Yes.
(Your application has been approved.)
(Hello, Zhao Fanzhou)
Zhou,
have some fruit.
Lu insisted on buying it for me.
She said
I had to eat fruit in all kinds
of colors every day
and only then would my skin
be rosy
and different.
No, thanks.
I've washed it. Eat some.
This is a gift
my girlfriend prepared for me.
I'm so generous
and want to share it with you.
Unlike me,
you never shared what Zhou Xiao gave you.
Sorry, Zhou.
I...
I forgot that you had broken up.
Don't get cross.
Why don't you eat some fruit and cool down?
Are you leaving me again?
What I mean is
that I, well,
I won a national championship.
I want to share
my joy with you.
Share it with your Lu.
Of course I've shared it with her.
Aren't we good friends?
I also need to share it with you.
You know what?
I'll get my prize today.
Go after we have a celebration dinner.
I'm not free for that.
Hey.
How could you reply like that?
Aren't you being a spoilsport?
Zhou,
do you know how big my prize is?
A hundred and fifty thousand.
You are here.
Just say what's up.
Just now I hit you
as Zhou Xiao's good friend.
You could break up with her
but you didn't even have a proper reason.
Isn't that too awful?
Now
I'll speak to you as someone
who likes Zhou Xiao.
Thanks.
After all, you gave me a chance
to be with Zhou Xiao.
Don't let her see you again.
Okay.
Don't you have other things to say?
Is she so dispensable to you?
Take good care of her.
I will take good care of her
and even better than you.
We've known each other for such a long time.
I know Zhou Xiao the best.
Good.
She often forgets to eat
when she's busy writing.
Even if you put
the food in front of her,
she still won't eat it.
If you feed her,
she'll eat it without having a look at it.
She won't watch out
for cars when crossing the road.
Watch out!
You have to get mad at her.
Only then will she take it seriously.
Surprised? Shocked? Moved?
Don't you watch out for cars
while crossing the street?
It's 1:00 a.m., but you're outside alone.
What if anything happened to you?
I didn't even know you came here.
Although she's always careless,
she's also good at acting cute.
What are you doing?
I just put a spell on you.
To stop you getting mad at me.
You really can't be mad at her.
But sometimes
she can be very mischievous.
You're like a little cat now.
If you also play a trick on her,
she'll be unhappy.
Zhou Xiao,
aren't you gonna help me set the table?
No.
Although she's a curious person
and wants to try everything,
actually she's easily frightened.
You have to keep her company.
Calm down. It's just a plate.
That's a plate.
It scared me to death.
Besides, if she...
Why are you talking so much?
You're not entrusting your child to me.
I know better than you
about how to take care of her.
♪It's a promise made
by warm spring to winter.♪
Will we freeze to death here?
I'll get you something to keep you warm.
♪I've never changed what I promised to you.♪
♪It's a novel with plot twists
and a perfect ending.♪
It seems you can be happy
no matter what happened.
I've seen that when school started.
Really?
Did I cry?
On the day of registration,
you cried while reading
Journey Under the Midnight Sun.
Then you said
my phone seemed to be farting
when it vibrated.
You laughed in the end.
You're talking as if I'm a fool.
♪I'm afraid it's beyond
rhetorical flourish. ♪
♪It would be a fluctuant melody
about sky and sea...♪
It seems he has really
disappeared from my world.
♪... depicting every part of me.♪
♪The feeling of loss when I fail to find you
on my way to classroom,♪
I've never been kissed before.
I feel a little bit...
Practice makes perfect.
♪I have embarked on a secret emotional odyssey♪
If someone enters your world
unaccountably,
makes you get used
to his existence despite yourself
and leaves one day without warning,
he just leaves you
and your world,
it'll definitely make you sad, won't it?
♪If I have to write a song for my youth...♪
Zhu Bajie is carrying his wife on his back.
Quickly. Quickly.
I'm falling.
♪I'm afraid it's beyond rhetorical flourish.♪
♪It would be a fluctuant melody
about sky and sea...♪
Ride slowly. It's late at night.
♪If I have to write a song for my youth...♪
Why do you always think
we're gonna break up one day?
I didn't mean it.
I just think
no one can tell the future.
So, am I not allowed to bring it up?
No, you're not.
Okay, I see.
What?
I shouldn't bring up the break-up thing.
Because it's a jinx.
It's because we won't break up.
♪... look what you bring out in me.♪
Yes, we won't break up.
♪If I have to write a song for my youth,♪
♪it should be a song about you and me.♪
♪A sweet melody of sweet love story,♪
♪look what you bring out in me.♪
I thought this kind of sadness
would tear my heart apart.
But strangely,
I only felt a dull ache occasionally
and it seems I can endure
this degree of pain.
Mom,
take your pills.
I'm not taking them,
unless you ask Zhou Xiao to come here.
Did you quarrel with Zhou Xiao?
No.
Did you really get wounds
on your face from falling?
Yes.
Why hasn't she come to see me
for so many days, then?
Perhaps she has too many classes
and doesn't have time to see you.
She would call me before.
If she didn't have time to come here,
she would send me Wechat messages.
She'll call you when she's free.
Fanzhou,
did Zhou Xiao consider it
and think she couldn't accept my illness?
Does she wanna break up with you?
No.
She's not someone like that.
Don't imagine things.
Swear.
You swear. Swear.
Take your pills first.
Zhou Xiao wouldn't talk to me fiercely
and so seriously.
Ms. Liu,
the new comers will be here soon.
I asked them to get their work cards here.
Okay. No problem.
By the way,
when will those who resigned come
and hand over their duties?
Also today.
Okay.
Oh, Zhou Xiao,
help Zhao Fanzhou
hand over his responsibility later.
Okay.
Have lunch with Zhou Xiao
and ask her
when she'll come to see me,
okay?
Put it at the wrong place again.
He's coming here today.
Zhao Fanzhou?
How long are you gonna squad here?
Zhou Xiao.
What are you doing here?
I came to be your colleague.
What do you think? Are you happy?
Yes.
Why would you work part-time here?
Well, there are air conditioners
and I can make money.
Why shouldn't I do that?
Sure enough,
rich people like to make money more.
Alright, stop behaving like this.
I just can't be nice to you, right?
Come on.
I'll show you around your workplace.
Yes, boss.
Sycophant.
Generally we'll have meetings
or deal with books here.
The librarians often...
This way!
Stupid man.
The librarians often work there.
There.
Sometimes we'll work there, too.
Well,
we're colleagues now.
I'll help you.
Help yourself first.
Have a look at it.
I don't know why.
This computer
just can't get on the campus network.
I'll check it first, Ms. Huang.
You're the most boring person I've seen.
Let go.
Ms. Huang.
Ms. Huang,
I'm a new part-timer here,
Cai Yasi
from the Department of Computer Science.
Hello.
You're from
the Department of Computer Science?
Can you help me fix my computer?
It can't get on the campus network.
Oh,
he's fixing it already.
Let the professional handle it.
Come and have a look.
Come on.
Is it hard to fix?
Just a moment.
Very soon. It's a piece of cake.
Done, Ms. Huang. Have a look.
It's done already?
Thank you.
Fanzhou,
tell Yasi about your duties.
Pay more attention
to jobs in the Room of Precious Literature.
Come on.
Do you want to die here, Cai Yasi?
I didn't do it on purpose.
It's my bottle.
I don't mind drinking your water.
I do.
Let's go.
I'll tell you in the literature room.
Come on.
Love of young people
is so scary.
Every month this room will accept a batch
of books that are out of print
and donated by alumni.
Generally we'll scan them and upload
the electronic versions
to the online library.
We'll also provide their copies
for students to borrow.
(Out of paper. Please load the stack
of paper into the paper tray.)
The originals will be stored
in this room.
Students can only read them here
and need to register before that.
(Out of paper. Please load the stack
of paper into the paper tray.)
It ran out of papers. I'll fetch some.
I'll go, too. I gotta know where they are.
What are you doing?
You think you're Popeye the Sailor?
Can you tie your lips together?
I'll tie them in a bow.
Tie a fast knot.
Boss, I've finished cleaning.
Can you wipe it carefully?
Can't you see the dust?
Nope.
Where?
Here.
Cai Yasi,
listen,
the Room of Precious Literature needs
to be dusted every week.
If you do this one more time,
I won't work with you again.
Okay. I'll clean it carefully.
Give it to me.
I'll wipe this place.
You wipe that.
Okay.
Keep wiping your bookshelves,
stupid woman.
What's the matter?
Let me see.
Are you okay?
Yes.
Thanks.
What happened?
Nothing. I just got
a thorn in my hand and I couldn't find it.
Don't move.
Where is it?
I can't find it either.
Never mind. Leave it.
I'm okay.
I'll take you to the campus hospital.
I'm not going there.
It's just a minor injury.
I don't want someone to say
that I'm not taking good care of you.
What are you talking about?
I'm taking her to the campus hospital.
Mm.
Walk faster. It's time for lunch.
What if the doctors knock off?
I said I was okay. I'm not going there.
The doctors will laugh at me.
What if it's inflamed?
I can pull the thorn out, then.
Hurry up.
Who is it? Why don't you answer it?
Zhao Fanzhou's mom.
What does his mom call you for?
Don't answer it.
Hello, Mrs. Zhao.
Zhou Xiao,
why haven't you come to see me recently?
Mrs. Zhao,
hasn't Zhao Fanzhou told you?
Yes. He said you were busy.
But I think
you have to eat however busy you are.
Could you come
and have dinner
with me tonight?
Mrs. Zhao,
I'll go to see you another day.
Another time?
Okay, I know you're busy.
I ordered takeouts.
Oh,
I've got to cancel them.
Wait a moment, Zhou Xiao.
I... I'll call you
after I cancel my takeouts,
okay?
Mrs. Zhao, wait.
I'll go to see you now.
Don't you have to write novels?
No. I've just finished it.
Okay, I'll wait for you.
Okay.
You've broken up with Zhao Fanzhou.
What do you go to see his mom for?
Mrs. Zhao is very unstable now.
I don't want to upset her.
Aren't you too kind-hearted?
If you want to do a good deed,
donate lunch on the Internet.
She asked you to go there
as an elder.
She was taking the high road.
Can you not talk nonsense
when you know nothing?
What shall I know?
You just don't wanna break up with him.
You still like him.
Cut the bullshit.
Mrs. Zhao is in the Department of Psychiatry.
What on earth are you following me for?
You said Zhao Fanzhou's mom
was unstable.
What if she hits you?
She won't do that.
You stay outside
and I'll go in.
I'll call you if anything happens
and you'll come to my rescue.
Is that okay?
Alright.
If anything happens,
call me.
Got it. Give it to me.
Hold it.
You said you would treat me.
If you don't come out quickly,
I'll eat till you're broke.
Come in.
Mrs. Zhao, I'm here.
You're here.
Yes.
You brought me fruits again.
Give it to me.
They can only be eaten after meals.
Put your bag here.
Come and look.
These are all dishes you like.
Thank you, Mrs. Zhao. I like them.
Quickly. Have a seat.
Okay.
Mm.
Sit.
They must be delicious.
Here are your chopsticks.
Thanks.
Mm.
The doctor said
I've almost recovered.
If I don't get worse,
I'll be able to leave hospital next week.
Really?
Yes.
Great.
After I leave hospital,
can you go to my home?
Okay.
I'll make some nice things for you.
Mm.
Let me see.
I'll make Fried Chicken Wings
which Fanzhou likes.
Actually he can make it, too.
He makes it better than me.
He has really learned everything
to look after me over the years.
Mm.
He made it when he came to my house before.
It was nice.
He went to your house?
Mm. Yes.
I didn't know it at all.
Perhaps he didn't tell you.
He is like that sometimes.
He doesn't tell me anything
as if he's the only adult in our family,
just like an old man.
Sometimes he's really annoying,
isn't he?
Yes, he is.
Oh,
I secretly asked you to come here.
You mustn't tell him.
Otherwise, he'll say,
"You affected her studies."
Don't worry, Mrs. Zhao.
I'm on your side.
Okay. Let's be on one another's side.
Eat.
Have some more, Mrs. Zhao.
Mm.
Okay.
Mrs. Zhao,
why do you put the food into one box?
There are many stray dogs
outside the hospital.
When we take a walk later,
we can feed them.
Okay.
Mom, I'm coming in.
(Next Episode) I'm here
to apply for suspending my schooling.
My mom had a relapse.
To be honest,
I've liked her for a long time.
Is there someone you miss very much?
Yes.
Will you miss her greatly
but restrain yourself from going to see her?
Yes.
♪Sunshine falls into the wind's arms.♪
♪A breath of sweet air drifts over.♪
♪Since the day I met you,♪
♪I have learned that a view is only fine
when you are part of it.♪
♪Taking in your feelings quietly.♪
♪Perhaps a step back should
be taken to get closer.♪
♪Thank you for building
a pure friendship with me.♪
♪You will find love eventually.♪
♪How lucky I am to know you while I'm young.♪
♪You leave me with wonderful memories
to be remembered.♪
♪Wherever you go in the future,♪
♪I will stay with you
and support you until the end.♪
♪I would be happy to see you happy.♪
♪He tolerates my willfulness.♪
♪Thank you for building
a pure friendship with me.♪
♪I will find love eventually.♪
♪How lucky I am to know you while I'm young.♪
♪You leave me with wonderful memories
to be remembered.♪
♪Wherever you go tomorrow,♪
♪I will stay with you
and support you until the end.♪